docs(wash): Adds documentation for wash spy, capture, and dev (#116)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/fundamentals/actors/create-actor/update.md

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

This section describes how you can iteratively build and test your actor functionality.

## `wash dev`

> As of wash 0.18.0 you can use the experimental `wash dev` command to rapidly iterate on your actor.
> This command will start a local wasmCloud host (if you don't already have one started) and
> automatically register your actor with it. It will also watch your actor file for changes and
> automatically recompile and update the actor in the host. This is a great way to get started with
> wasmCloud development, and we recommend it for all new actors. Currently, it only will start the
> actor, so you'll have to follow the steps in the [running the actor](./run) section to start the
> providers your actor needs. We hope to automate as much of that away in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of wash 0.18.0 you can use the experimental `wash dev` command to rapidly build and iterate on your actor.

`wash dev` starts a local wasmCloud host (if you don't already have one started), builds your actor, and automatically registers your actor with the host. It will also watch your actor source code for changes, recompile, and update the actor in the host. 

This is a great way to get started with wasmCloud development, and we recommend it for all new actors.

Currently, `wash dev` only will starts the actor, so you'll have to follow the steps in the [running the actor](./run) section to start the providers your actor needs. We hope to automate as much of that away in the future.
```

Thanks for adding docs for `wash dev`! Added some slight rewarding and some more spacing

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

This section describes how you can iteratively build and test your actor functionality.

## `wash dev`

As of wash 0.18.0 you can use the experimental `wash dev` command to rapidly build and iterate on
your actor.

`wash dev` starts a local wasmCloud host (if you don't already have one started), builds your actor,
and automatically registers your actor with the host. It will also watch your actor source code for
changes, recompile, and update the actor in the host. 

This is a great way to get started with wasmCloud development, and we recommend it for all new
actors.

> Currently, `wash dev` only will start the actor, so you'll have to follow the steps in the [running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, `wash dev` only starts the actor, so you'll have to follow the steps in the [running
```

> Currently, `wash dev` only will starts the actor, so you'll have to follow the steps in the [running

Reviewer 2: > only will starts

Typo?
